Update: Vite no longer statically replaces `import.meta.env` (#5863)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/environment-variables.mdx

## Getting environment variables

> Instead of using `process.env`, you use `import.meta.env`, which uses the `import.meta` feature added in ES2020.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of relying on `process.env` for environment variables, use `import.meta.env`. This approach leverages the `import.meta` feature, introduced in the ES2020 specification.
```

Reviewer 2: What about:

> Environment variables in Astro are accessed with `import.meta.env`, using the [`import.meta` feature added in ES2020](https://tc39.es/ecma262/2020/#prod-ImportMeta), instead of `process.env`.

Reviewer: That's even better.

Reviewer 2: Go ahead and update your suggestion, @dreyfus92 , and I'll commit it!
